add alter system command and use it for system wide session config (#2092)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/manage/view-configure-runtime-parameters.md

Where `parameter_name` is the name of the parameter, and `value` or `'value'` is the new value of the parameter. `DEFAULT` can be written to specify resetting the parameter to its default value.

For details about the `set_config()` function, see [System administration functions](/sql/functions-operators/sql-function-sys-admin.md#set_config), and for details about the `SET` command, see [`SET`](/sql/commands/sql-set.md).

> You can also use the [`ALTER SYSTEM SET`](/sql/commands/sql-alter-system.md) command to set a system-wide default value for a session parameter, from which parameters in a new session will be initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the [`ALTER SYSTEM SET`](/sql/commands/sql-alter-system.md) command to set a system-wide default value for a runtime parameter. This configuration will then be applied to every new session.
```

Reviewer: @yuhao-su I wonder if I can use  "runtime parameter" to replace "session parameter" for the term consistency here? Because on this page we only introduce the "runtime parameter".

Reviewer 2: runtime parameter is ok. Those two phrase are interchangeable in RW.
